feat: Allow traefik merged static configuration override with `static_config.*.yaml` (#6379)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/traefik-router.md

Static configuration is automatically generated in the `~/.ddev/traefik` directory. "Static" configuration means Traefik configuration which is only read when the router is started.

* `.static_config.yaml` (a hidden file) is the configuration that gets used. It is not to be edited; it is generated from DDEV's base configuration while merging any files named `static_config.*.yaml`. It is read on router startup, and does not change until the router starts again (normally after `ddev poweroff`).

> * Additional static configuration may be added by adding `static_config.*.yaml` files, which will be merged into the generated `.static_config.yaml`. For example, a `static_config.plugin.yaml` might contain external Traefik plugins, or a `static_config.dnschallenge.yaml` might provide configuration for additional `certificatesResolvers`. Merging is done with an **override** strategy, meaning that the last file (highest alphanumeric filename) to touch a particular element of the YAML structure wins.

Author: ```suggestion
* Additional static configuration may be added by adding `static_config.*.yaml` files, which will be merged into the generated `.static_config.yaml`. For example, a `static_config.plugin.yaml` might contain external Traefik plugins, or a `static_config.dnschallenge.yaml` might provide configuration for additional `certificatesResolvers`. Merging is done with an **override** strategy, meaning that the final file in alphanumeric sort to touch a particular element of the YAML structure wins.
```

Just minor adaptation of your version.

    Some examples of `static_config.*.yaml` files are:
    * `static_config.cloudflare.yaml`:

      ```yaml
      certificatesResolvers:
        acme-dnsChallenge:
          acme:
            email: admin@example.com
            dnsChallenge:
              provider: cloudflare
      ```

    * `static_config.fail2ban.yaml`

        ```yaml
        experimental:
          plugins:
            fail2ban:
              moduleName: "github.com/tomMoulard/fail2ban"
              version: "v0.8.1"
      ```

* `certs/default_cert.*` files are the default DDEV-generated certificates, normally created by `mkcert`.

> * `config/default_config.yaml` contains global *dynamic* configuration, including pointers to the default certificates. It is possible to add other Traefik configuration in the `config` directory, which will apply to all projects. For example, a `config/router_middlewares.yaml` file might provide middleware implementations that would apply to all projects.

Author: > Do these get merged in the same fashion as the static_config.*.yaml files? If so, should they follow the same xyz.*.yaml format?

No, no merging, they're part of the dynamic configuration, and nothing done with them. I didn't really realize how/why they might be useful until talking to you one day.

> Finally, if they are defined here, can they be overridden by the project-specific dynamic config? I assume so, but it might be worth stating it.

I think it's probably alphabetic. You can easily see what goes on by `docker exec -it ddev-router bash` and `cd config`. You'll see these default_config files there. You can edit them. My bet is that `ls -l` in that directory is meaningful.  But I also bet they only do things nobody else does.

I'm not completely sure why we ended up with these default_config, this isn't specifically a Traefik idea, seems to be a DDEV idea. Normally only has the default certs in it, and normally the default certs aren't used.
